Erika I. Bailon 
108-58-4251

Questions PART 1
 
1. Used #div1 in the css file to give the color property at div1. Used the hash 
because div1 has an id inside of div, so it only changes div1 after the hash. 
#div1
{
	background-color: blue;
}

2. With margin you change the distance between the boxes and also the distance with the edges of the page, 
not only in between the boxes but also with the margin of the screen/page. So basically is the space outside the boxes. 
With padding changes the size of each box because is the space between elements inside of the boxes. It changes the space inside.

3. If you change the padding and margin of the yellow p, the box with those dimensions gets out of the black margins. So now
we have a yellow box outside of the box where it was originally. 

4.If you do overflow hidding - you cannot see the part of the yellow box inside of the orginal box with black margin. So you can 
only see a little piece of the yellow box in the bottom right corner of the original box.
If you do sroll- scrolling bars appear on the bottom and on the right of the divbox/the original box, so you can scroll down and up and left 
and right to be able to see all the content on the yellow box. 

5. If you do float left - then all the boxes are aligned in the top-left corner of the page and the order is 1 -2 - 3;
If you do the right float - then all the boxes are aligned in the top-right corner of the page and the order is 3 -2 -1. 
 
6. Doing this one by one, was really cool because it moves the 1st div to the left-top corner of the page while all the other boxes
are left on the right-top corner as they were int he reverse order. You can see how you move one by one to the top-left corner and 
they are now in the right order. They are all still aligned all at the top. 

7. To get the path in the page you give float:left TO ALL of the divs and then you give clear:left to div3 so it bring it to the next line 
because it doens't want anything on the left so now we get 1 and 2 in the top-left corner, and 3 right above the number 1. The propierty was
#div3
{
	clear: left;
}

8. With this, it basically deletes all the margins with the page, so the boxes are at 0 distance from the top and the left margin of the page. All the boxes 
are aligned with the page without nay distance in between them.  This tells me about the default margin value that it actually exists and there is a set margin
for the body that is not declared, we cannot see it, but the margin exists before we modify it.
body
{
	margin: 0px;
}

PART 2
1.Changed font of letters
2.Changed color of each paragraph
3.Changed margin on the menu so is not all to the left 
4.Gave a Title fo each section on the text info div
5.Displaying a title in the browser tab!!! really cool 
6.Added symbols to the titles of each div of my info text
7.Used huber to change the way of the links
8.Created a title for the page too
9.Change the font and shading of the title
10.Changed the color and rounded the edges of the info text border




